Is he really Long Shuai?
It can't be.
Lord Chen is the king of the country
How could you be with such a waste?
Have a secret meeting?
It must be a mistake.
Why don't you check again?
Governor Li of Haicheng
Without him, he is not Lu Shuai at all
Lord Li is here, Lord Li
How do you know he's not Long Shuai?
The governor of the marching TV has to have evidence, right?
The governor received news last night
Lord Long Shuai killed several imperial spies in Beijing
Minister is a hero
I can't prove my identity today
Lord Long Shuai was still killing the enemy in Beijing last night
How could he appear in Haicheng today?
I guess you're right.
It takes 3 days at the fastest to fly from Beijing to Haicheng
So storing this Long Shuai must be counterfeit.
I knew he was a liar.
It's impossible for me to become a phoenix
Lord Li, Chu Chen is guilty of impersonating Long Shuai
Please rectify him immediately
Governor's Guard on command
Raise the gun on the spot posing as the dragon commander